1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do?
Public: members can be accessed anywhere;
Protected: members can be accessed in current class and children classes;
Private: members can be accessed only in current class;
Internal: member can be assessed in current assembly;
Protected internal: member can be accessed only in the same assembly or in a derived class in other assemblies
Private internal: member can be accessed only inside the containing class or in a class that derives from a containing class, but only in the same assembly(project)

2. What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to
a type member?
Static: members belong to the class itself instead of any instance; 
Const: members whose values will not change during the lifetime of the program
Readonly: members cannot be modified at run-time. It can only be initialized or changed in the constructor.

3. What does a constructor do?
To  create an object of the class and initialize all the class data members.

4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
The partial keyword indicates that other parts of the class, struct, or interface can be defined in the namespace. All the parts must use the partial keyword.

5. What is a tuple?
A tuple is a data structure that contains a sequence of elements of different data types.

6. What does the C# record keyword do?
To define a reference type that provides built-in functionality for encapsulating data.

7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
Overriding: happens between the base class and derived class, we have the same method signature, including access modifier, method name, input/output; derived classes can give different implementations for the same method

Overloading: multiple methods in the same class, same access modifiers, same method name, different input/output

8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
A field is a variable (that can be of any type) that is defined inside a class. It can be used to define the characteristics of an object or a class. On the other hand, a property is a member of the class that provides an abstraction to set (write) and get (read) the value of a private field.

9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
By using default values.

10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
Interface is a collection of methods which are by default abstract and public, and will be implemented by class.
An abstract class allows you to create functionality that subclasses can implement or override. An interface only allows you to define functionality, not implement it.

11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
Public.

12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method.   True
13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.   True
14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.	False	
15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. 	False
16. True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class.  		True
17. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class.	True
18. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. 	True
19. True/False. In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the
base class.	False
20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an
implementation for all of the members of the interface.	False
21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that
aren’t defined in the interface.		True
22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.	False
23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.	True
